docs/en/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
hero:
  name: BAUER GROUP
  text: Corporate Identity & Brand Guide
  tagline: Binding design guidelines for consistent brand communication — digital, print and accessible.
  image:
    src: /logo.svg
    alt: BAUER GROUP Logo
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Quick Start
      link: /en/logo/
    - theme: alt
      text: Color System
      link: /en/colors/
    - theme: alt
      text: Downloads
      link: /en/downloads/

features:
  - icon: 🏷️
    title: Logo & Trademark
    details: Logo variants, clear space, minimum sizes and binding usage rules for all media.
    link: /en/logo/
    linkText: Open logo guidelines
  - icon: 🎨
    title: Color System
    details: Primary color Orange (#FF8500), gray scale, semantic colors and accent colors — with HEX, RGB, CMYK and Pantone.
    link: /en/colors/
    linkText: View color palette
  - icon: ✏️
    title: Typography
    details: Type hierarchy, weights and system font stack — cross-platform without external dependencies.
    link: /en/typography/
    linkText: View typography rules
  - icon: 🧩
    title: UI Components
    details: Buttons, badges, forms and cards — consistently designed in the BAUER GROUP design system.
    link: /en/components/
    linkText: Open component library
  - icon: ♿
    title: Accessibility
    details: WCAG 2.1 AA/AAA compliance with verified contrast ratios and recommendations for all color combinations.
    link: /en/accessibility/
    linkText: Check accessibility
  - icon: 🖨️
    title: Print & Production
    details: CMYK color values, Pantone PMS 144 C spot color, paper recommendations and print specifications.
    link: /en/print/
    linkText: Open print specifications
---

<style>
.overview-section {
  max-width: 960px;
  margin: 0 auto;
  padding: 48px 24px 64px;
}
.overview-section h2 {
  font-size: 1.35em;
  font-weight: 700;
  margin-bottom: 12px;
  border: none;
}
.overview-section p {
  color: var(--vp-c-text-2);
  line-height: 1.7;
  max-width: 720px;
}
.overview-section .note {
  margin-top: 24px;
  padding: 16px 20px;
  border-radius: 8px;
  background: var(--vp-c-bg-soft);
  border-left: 3px solid var(--bg-orange-500);
  font-size: 0.9em;
  color: var(--vp-c-text-2);
}
</style>

<div class="overview-section">

## About This Brand Guide

This guide defines the visual identity of BAUER GROUP and serves as the binding reference for all internal and external communications. It covers digital applications, print media and accessible design according to WCAG 2.1.

<div class="note">
  <strong>Note:</strong> For questions about applying these guidelines or for approvals, please contact the brand team.
</div>

</div>

Commit message:

feat: erweitere Brand Guide um Bildsprache, Audioidentität und digitale Medien mit neuen Inhalten und Struktur

docs/en/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
hero:
  name: BAUER GROUP
  text: Corporate Identity & Brand Guide
  tagline: Binding design guidelines for consistent brand communication — digital, print and accessible.
  image:
    src: /logo.svg
    alt: BAUER GROUP Logo
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Quick Start
      link: /en/logo/
    - theme: alt
      text: Color System
      link: /en/colors/
    - theme: alt
      text: Downloads
      link: /en/downloads/

features:
  - icon: 🏷️
    title: Logo & Trademark
    details: Logo variants, clear space, minimum sizes and binding usage rules for all media.
    link: /en/logo/
    linkText: Open logo guidelines
  - icon: 🎨
    title: Color System
    details: Primary color Orange (#FF8500), gray scale, semantic colors and accent colors — with HEX, RGB, CMYK and Pantone.
    link: /en/colors/
    linkText: View color palette
  - icon: ✏️
    title: Typography
    details: Type hierarchy, weights and system font stack — cross-platform without external dependencies.
    link: /en/typography/
    linkText: View typography rules
  - icon: 🧩
    title: UI Components
    details: Buttons, badges, forms and cards — consistently designed in the BAUER GROUP design system.
    link: /en/components/
    linkText: Open component library
  - icon: 📷
    title: Photography
    details: Photo style, image composition and color treatment — authentic, professional and brand-compliant.
    link: /en/photography/
    linkText: View image guidelines
  - icon: 🔊
    title: Audio Identity
    details: Sound logo, soundscape and acoustic guidelines for videos, presentations and phone systems.
    link: /en/audio/
    linkText: View audio guidelines
  - icon: 📱
    title: Digital Media
    details: Social media templates, web banners, email signatures and newsletter layouts.
    link: /en/digital/
    linkText: View digital templates
  - icon: ♿
    title: Accessibility
    details: WCAG 2.1 AA/AAA compliance with verified contrast ratios and recommendations for all color combinations.
    link: /en/accessibility/
    linkText: Check accessibility
  - icon: 🖨️
    title: Print & Production
    details: CMYK color values, Pantone PMS 144 C spot color, paper recommendations and print specifications.
    link: /en/print/
    linkText: Open print specifications
---

<style>
.overview-section {
  max-width: 960px;
  margin: 0 auto;
  padding: 48px 24px 64px;
}
.overview-section h2 {
  font-size: 1.35em;
  font-weight: 700;
  margin-bottom: 12px;
  border: none;
}
.overview-section p {
  color: var(--vp-c-text-2);
  line-height: 1.7;
  max-width: 720px;
}
.overview-section .note {
  margin-top: 24px;
  padding: 16px 20px;
  border-radius: 8px;
  background: var(--vp-c-bg-soft);
  border-left: 3px solid var(--bg-orange-500);
  font-size: 0.9em;
  color: var(--vp-c-text-2);
}
</style>

<div class="overview-section">

## About This Brand Guide

This guide defines the complete corporate identity of BAUER GROUP — from visual identity through photography and audio identity to digital media and print production. It serves as the binding reference for all internal and external communications.

<div class="note">
  <strong>Note:</strong> For questions about applying these guidelines or for approvals, please contact the brand team.
</div>

</div>
